packages config for Python UDFs (#8805)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/udfs.md

    </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

>     **Note**: You can specify configs in a config block in the SQL file or in the corresponding properties YAML file in the next step (Step 2). 

Reviewer: Hiya Bianca, 

I'd suggest rewording this a tad as "...the next step (Step 2)" is a bit repetitive, maybe something like: "You can specify configs in either a config block in the SQL file or the corresponding properties YAML file in step 2."

Author: ```suggestion
    **Note**: You can specify configs in a config block in the SQL file or in the corresponding properties YAML file in step 2. 
```

      - [Snowflake](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/python/udf-python-introduction): `3.10`, `3.11`, `3.12`, and `3.13`
      - [BigQuery](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/user-defined-functions-python): `3.11`
    - [`entry_point`](/reference/resource-configs/entry-point) &mdash; Specify the Python function to be called.
    <br></br>

>     You can specify public third-party PyPI packages for your Python UDF using the optional `packages` config. You can list package names (for example, `numpy`, `pandas`) and you can pin versions (for example, `pandas==1.5.0`). The warehouse installs these packages when creating the UDF, allowing your UDF to use functionality from external Python libraries. On Snowflake, some packages are installed from the Anaconda repository, and you may need to [accept Anaconda's Terms of Service](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/python/udf-python-packages#using-third-party-packages-from-anaconda) before using them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can specify public third-party PyPI packages for your Python UDF with the optional `packages` config. List package names, such as `numpy` and `pandas`, and optionally pin versions, such as `pandas==1.5.0`. The warehouse installs these packages when it creates the UDF, so your UDF can use functionality from external Python libraries. On Snowflake, some packages are installed from the Anaconda repository, and you may need to [accept Anaconda's Terms of Service](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/python/udf-python-packages#using-third-party-packages-from-anaconda) before you can use them.
```

    :::info Beta feature
    The `packages` config is a beta feature in <Constant name="core" /> v1.12.
    :::
    

>     The following example shows a Python UDF with the required configs (`runtime_version`, `entry_point`), the optional `packages` config, and other common properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The following example shows a Python UDF with the required configs (`runtime_version`, `entry_point`), the optional `packages` config, and other common configs:
```
